Improving and expanding docs on how to use relationship filters in GraphQL (#7231)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/guides/filters.mdx

```graphql
{

>   tasks(where: { label: { NOT: { equals: "Hello" } } }) {

Reviewer: This change isn't correct, the previous casing is correct in this case
```suggestion
  tasks(where: { label: { not: { equals: "Hello" } } }) {
```

Author: Oh you're right. Wow, that's pretty confusing, no? :/

Author: Good catch though, thanks

}
```

Conversely, if we wanted tasks where any user was assigned, we can invert the above using the `NOT` operator:

```graphql
{
  tasks(where: { NOT: { assignedTo: null } }) {
    id
    label
  }
}
```

### To-Many

If you have `many: true` configured on the relationship field, then you can find items based on whether `some`, `none`, or `every` of the related items match a a condition.
The condition itself can be a `where` filter using the fields from the related list or an empty object (`{}`) to indicate all related items should be matched.

#### Some

The `some` filter returns true when at least one of the related items match the conditions supplied.

For example, to find people that have one or more tasks where the task label contains `"shopping"`, we can run the following query:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { some: { label: { contains: "shopping" } } } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

To find people with any tasks at all, we could can pass an empty object.
This indicate that no conditions should be applied to tasks so all tasks are matched:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { some: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

#### None

> The `none` filter returns true when at there are zero related items that match the conditions supplied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `none` filter returns true when there are zero related items that match the conditions supplied.
```

For example, if we had an urgent task we were looking to assign, we could query for people who didn't have any task that were both incomplete and high-priority:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { none: { priority: { equals: high }, isComplete: { equals: false } } } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

> Or, if we wanted people with no assigned tasks at all (not even any completed ones), we could pass `none` an empty object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or, if we wanted people with no assigned tasks at all (not even completed tasks), we could pass `none` an empty object:
```

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { none: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

#### Every

The `every` filter returns true when all related items match the conditions supplied.

> For example, if we wanted to find people who have completed all their assigned tasks, we could write:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if we wanted to find people who have completed all of their assigned tasks, we could write:
```

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { every: { isComplete: { equals: true } } } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

Note the results will also include people with no tasks assigned at all.

> If you wanted people who have completed all their assigned tasks and actually have at least one task assigned, you'd could add a `some` filter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you only wanted people who have both completed their assigned tasks _and_ actually have at least one task assigned, you could add a `some` filter:
```

}
```

Conversely, if we wanted tasks where any user was assigned, we can invert the above using the `NOT` operator:

```graphql
{

>   tasks(where: { NOT: { assignedTo: null } }) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  tasks(where: { not: { assignedTo: null } }) {
```

  }
}
```

To find people with any tasks at all, we could can pass an empty object.
This indicate that no conditions should be applied to tasks so all tasks are matched:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { some: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

#### None

The `none` filter returns true when at there are zero related items that match the conditions supplied.

For example, if we had an urgent task we were looking to assign, we could query for people who didn't have any task that were both incomplete and high-priority:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { none: { priority: { equals: high }, isComplete: { equals: false } } } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

Or, if we wanted people with no assigned tasks at all (not even any completed ones), we could pass `none` an empty object:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { none: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

#### Every

The `every` filter returns true when all related items match the conditions supplied.

For example, if we wanted to find people who have completed all their assigned tasks, we could write:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { every: { isComplete: { equals: true } } } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

> Note the results will also include people with no tasks assigned at all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note the results will also include `people` with no tasks assigned at all.
```

> If you wanted people who have completed all their assigned tasks and actually have at least one task assigned, you'd could add a `some` filter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wanted `people` who have completed all their assigned tasks and actually have at least one task assigned, you'd could add a `some` filter:
```

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { every: { isComplete: { equals: true } }, some: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

Like the other "to-many" relationship filters, `every` does also accept an empty object, indicating no filters should be applied to the related items matched.
However, doing so has no effect – it always evaluates to true, regardless of the properties of related items or whether they exist at all.
So a query like this:

```graphql
{
  people(where: { tasks: { every: {} } }) {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

Could be re-written as simply:

```graphql
{
  people {
    id
    name
  }
}
```

### Filtering Related Items

> In the relationship examples above we've been filtering items based on their related items but we haven't been loading any information about the related items themselves.
> What makes GraphQL so powerful that it gives developers the ability to write queries that retrieve data from across a graph of interconnected objects.
> In Keystone, relationships form the linkages between objects this graph.
> Queries that traverse these links apply filters both the top-level "list" fields (ie. `tasks` and `people` in these examples) and when selecting data about related items themselves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the relationship examples above we have been filtering items based on their related items, but we haven't been loading any information about the related items themselves.
GraphQL gives us the ability to write queries that retrieve data across a graph of interconnected items - in Keystone, relationships form the links between these items.
Queries that traverse these links apply filters both the top-level "list" fields (ie. `tasks` and `people` in these examples) and when selecting data about related items themselves.
```
